README.md, before:

# apiary-mobile

The companion mobile app for MyRoboJackets

## Local development

### Repository structure

There are 5 modules encompassing features and utilities.

- **app** - The main application module
  
Note: To avoid circular dependencies, the below modules **must not** have the **app** module as a
dependency.  Place such code in the `base` (or a new) module.

- **base** - Base files that are used in all other modules, settings screen UI
- **navigation** - Utility code for navigating between screens
- **auth** - Authentication logic and UI
- **attendance** - Attendance logic and UI

### Environment configuration

Environment definitions that allow changing what MyRoboJackets instance to use are specified in
[AppEnvironment.kt](base/src/main/java/org/robojackets/apiary/base/AppEnvironment.kt) in the `base`
module.

It's important to fetch environment values as close as possible to using them, since they could
change after being retrieved.

Since public OAuth2 (with PKCE) is used for authentication, there is no OAuth2 client secret.
If the included client ID for an environment does not work, you can create a new OAuth2 client
in Nova in MyRoboJackets (requires the admin role).

### Dependency injection

[Hilt](https://developer.android.com/training/dependency-injection/hilt-android) is used for
dependency injection.  The [Hilt and Dagger annotations cheat sheet](https://developer.android.com/training/dependency-injection/hilt-cheatsheet)
is a helpful resource.

### Code linting

Detekt is used for linting Kotlin code.  The recommended command to run it is

_(Windows)_
```bash
gradlew detektAll -PdetektAutoFix=true
```

_(*nix)_
```bash
./gradlew detektAll -PdetektAutoFix=true
```

The detektAutoFix parameter will automatically fix simple issues.

Commit message:

Add basic BuzzCard reading functionality (#16)
* NFC beginnings

* Create LICENSE.txt

* Improve DI for NFC library

* Start moving NFC processing logic into a standalone Composable

* Add missing JUnit dep, add desugaring for backported java.time classes

* Add top app bar, padding refinement

* Add base NFC Composables

* Add base non-functional attendance screen UI elements

* Upgrade to stable Compose versions

* Add NFC error handling

* NFC clean up, basically attendance screen UI flow

* Detekt auto-fix

* Detekt fixes

* Fix release build issues

* Always show environment change button

* rename totalScans to totalAttendees

* minor UI improvements, fix navigation bug

* NxpNfcLib is fine to commit

* change license subject

* Ignore built APKs

Co-authored-by: Evan Strat <evan10s@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# apiary-mobile

The companion mobile app for MyRoboJackets

## Local development

### Dependencies

Most dependencies are provided via Gradle.

NFC functionality uses the NXP MIFARE TapLinx Android SDK.  You must provide a license key and offline
license key from the TapLinx Developer Center on https://www.mifare.net/en/products/tools/taplinx/.

Additionally, important licensing information about the TapLinx library is included in the [`libs`](libs)
directory, including the [license](libs/LA_OPT_NXP_Software_License.txt) 
and [Software Content Register](libs/Taplinx_Android_SDK_SCR.txt).

**Note:** For RoboJackets developers, reach out in #apiary-mobile in Slack to obtain our keys.

Once you have the two keys, append the following two lines to your Gradle [`local.properies`](local.properties)
file.  Do **not** commit this file to version control.

```groovy
taplinxKey=KEY_HERE
taplinxOfflineKey=OFFLINE_KEY_HERE
```

### Repository structure

There are 5 modules encompassing features and utilities.

- **app** - The main application module
  
Note: To avoid circular dependencies, the below modules **must not** have the **app** module as a
dependency.  Place such code in the `base` (or a new) module.

- **base** - Base files that are used in all other modules, settings screen UI
- **navigation** - Utility code for navigating between screens
- **auth** - Authentication logic and UI
- **attendance** - Attendance logic and UI

### Environment configuration

Environment definitions that allow changing what MyRoboJackets instance to use are specified in
[AppEnvironment.kt](base/src/main/java/org/robojackets/apiary/base/AppEnvironment.kt) in the `base`
module.

It's important to fetch environment values as close as possible to using them, since they could
change after being retrieved.

Since public OAuth2 (with PKCE) is used for authentication, there is no OAuth2 client secret.
If the included client ID for an environment does not work, you can create a new OAuth2 client
in Nova in MyRoboJackets (requires the admin role).

### Dependency injection

[Hilt](https://developer.android.com/training/dependency-injection/hilt-android) is used for
dependency injection.  The [Hilt and Dagger annotations cheat sheet](https://developer.android.com/training/dependency-injection/hilt-cheatsheet)
is a helpful resource.

### Code linting

Detekt is used for linting Kotlin code.  The recommended command to run it is

_(Windows)_
```bash
gradlew detektAll -PdetektAutoFix=true
```

_(*nix)_
```bash
./gradlew detektAll -PdetektAutoFix=true
```

The detektAutoFix parameter will automatically fix simple issues.
